src/pages/en/itc_lms/lecturers/settings/index.md, before:

---
title: Set the course
breadcrumb:
   title: Course
redirect_from:
  - /en/lms_lecturers/course_settings
---
In ITC-LMS, lectures offered in terms and semesters are called "Courses". First, set up the course according to your subject.

## Course Summary

You can set a document to be displayed on the top screen when a student searches for a course on the ITC-LMS, or select it from the timetable.

* It is a good idea to write down the basic information you want to tell your students here.
* As an exception, URLs for online courses should be listed in the "Online course information" field.
  * By entering the information in the "Online class information" field, students can check the information from other systems even if they cannot access the ITC-LMS.
  * Reference Link：[How to Announce Online Class URL (for Faculty Members)](/faculty_members/url#use-online-class-info-in-general)

1. On the course screen, select the three line icon at the top left to bring out the menu options.
![メニューの表示](../cs1.png)
2. Expand "Course Settings" and select "Course Summary".
![コースの概要説明の選択](cs2.png)
3. Write the course description in "Contents" and select "Go to confirmation screen". In addition to writing text, you can change the font, list items, links, etc.
![書き込み](cs3.png)
4. After confirming how the summary is displayed, select "Register".
![登録](cs4.png)
[手順動画](https://youtu.be/Sdqtw2m1j48)

## Setting for course registration, message usage

<div class="box">The default setting for this message function has been change to "Accept contact from students" after December 22, 2021. If you do not wish to receive messages from students, please change the setting by unchecking the check box for "Accept contacts from students".</div>

Students who register for courses (or add to favorites) on UTAS are automatically enrolled in the corresponding ITC-LMS course. However, some courses are restricted to students who register for them by themselves. Therefore, if you wish to use ITC-LMS courses from the first few classes, you will need to set the default settings that allow students to register for courses on their own.

1. On the course screen, select the three line icon at the top left to bring out the menu options.
![メニューの表示](../cs1.png)
2. Expand "Course Settings" and select "Course settings". 
![コース設定の選択](cs5.png)
3. The screen below shows the default settings. We will explain the basic functions.
   * Enrolled student range setting is "Permit temporarily registration until the confirmation date". With this setting, in addition to students who have registered for courses (or add to favorites) in UTAS, students who have registered only through the ITC-LMS (temporary enrollment registration) can also participate in courses. 
   After the enrollment finalized date is displayed on the screen, the enrolled student range setting will automatically change to "Always enrolled students only" and temporary enrollment registration students will not be able to access the course.
   * Self registration is "Permit". In this setting, students can access the course by themselves and register for the course as a temporary enrollment registration.
   * Accept contacts is set to "Accept contacts from students." In this setting, you can receive and reply to messages (questions, etc.) from students who are enrolled in the course. Students in online classes do not have the opportunity to communicate directly with instructors in the classroom, so this feature allows you to communicate with students on the ITC-LMS without giving out your email address.
![コース設定](cs6.png)
   * You can change the enrolled student range setting at any time, including after the enrollment finalized date. After the enrollment finalized date, you cannot change the setting to "Permit temporarily registration until the confirmation date".
   * When the enrolled student range setting is set to "Always enrolled students only", Self registration is automatically set to "Not Permit".
4. Select "Go to confirmation page." 
![コース設定](cs7.png)
5. Select "Register."
![コース設定](cs8.png)


<!-- 
コース設定 -> コース設定で編集する
「履修者範囲設定」，「自己登録」，「履修確定以降」，「メッセージ利用」についてお勧め設定と，変更するとどうなるかの説明をする
-->


## References

* <a href="https://www.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/itc-lms/faq.html">FAQ (ITC-LMS)</a>
  * <a href="https://www.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/announcement/2017/05/17_2521.html">What is "Enrollee Range Setting?" (for instructors)</a>
  * <a href="https://www.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/announcement/2019/06/26_3014.html">Settings for Self-registration on ITC-LMS (for instructors)</a>
  * <a href="https://www.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/announcement/2016/08/08_2282.html">How to add staff or students to a course on ITC-LMS (for instructors) </a>
  * <a href="https://www.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/announcement/2016/08/10_2288.html">What is "Temporary Enrollment Registration" on ITC-LMS? </a>
  * <a href="https://www.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/announcement/2019/06/26_3010.html">Automatic enrollment of students on ITC-LMS and the Academic Affairs System</a>
  * <a href="https://www.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/announcement/2021/06/15_3342.html">I wish to grant access to course contents to auditing students who have not registered for the course through UTAS (for instructors)</a>

Commit message:

lecturers/settings/index -> lecturers/settings/course_participants/

src/pages/en/itc_lms/lecturers/settings/index.md, after:

---
title: Set the course
breadcrumb:
   title: Course
redirect_from:
  - /en/lms_lecturers/course_settings
---
In ITC-LMS, lectures offered in terms and semesters are called "Courses". First, set up the course according to your subject.

## Course Summary

You can set a document to be displayed on the top screen when a student searches for a course on the ITC-LMS, or select it from the timetable.

* It is a good idea to write down the basic information you want to tell your students here.
* As an exception, URLs for online courses should be listed in the "Online course information" field.
  * By entering the information in the "Online class information" field, students can check the information from other systems even if they cannot access the ITC-LMS.
  * Reference Link：[How to Announce Online Class URL (for Faculty Members)](/faculty_members/url#use-online-class-info-in-general)

1. On the course screen, select the three line icon at the top left to bring out the menu options.
![メニューの表示](../cs1.png)
2. Expand "Course Settings" and select "Course Summary".
![コースの概要説明の選択](cs2.png)
3. Write the course description in "Contents" and select "Go to confirmation screen". In addition to writing text, you can change the font, list items, links, etc.
![書き込み](cs3.png)
4. After confirming how the summary is displayed, select "Register".
![登録](cs4.png)
[手順動画](https://youtu.be/Sdqtw2m1j48)

## Register course participants

To enroll a teacher or TA who is co-teaching a course (not registered in UTAS), you must register the course participants. You may also enroll students not enrolled to participate in the course. For information on how to register, please check "[Register course participants](course_participants/)."

## Setting for course registration, message usage

<div class="box">The default setting for this message function has been change to "Accept contact from students" after December 22, 2021. If you do not wish to receive messages from students, please change the setting by unchecking the check box for "Accept contacts from students".</div>

Students who register for courses (or add to favorites) on UTAS are automatically enrolled in the corresponding ITC-LMS course. However, some courses are restricted to students who register for them by themselves. Therefore, if you wish to use ITC-LMS courses from the first few classes, you will need to set the default settings that allow students to register for courses on their own.

1. On the course screen, select the three line icon at the top left to bring out the menu options.
![メニューの表示](../cs1.png)
2. Expand "Course Settings" and select "Course settings". 
![コース設定の選択](cs5.png)
3. The screen below shows the default settings. We will explain the basic functions.
   * Enrolled student range setting is "Permit temporarily registration until the confirmation date". With this setting, in addition to students who have registered for courses (or add to favorites) in UTAS, students who have registered only through the ITC-LMS (temporary enrollment registration) can also participate in courses. 
   After the enrollment finalized date is displayed on the screen, the enrolled student range setting will automatically change to "Always enrolled students only" and temporary enrollment registration students will not be able to access the course.
   * Self registration is "Permit". In this setting, students can access the course by themselves and register for the course as a temporary enrollment registration.
   * Accept contacts is set to "Accept contacts from students." In this setting, you can receive and reply to messages (questions, etc.) from students who are enrolled in the course. Students in online classes do not have the opportunity to communicate directly with instructors in the classroom, so this feature allows you to communicate with students on the ITC-LMS without giving out your email address.
![コース設定](cs6.png)
   * You can change the enrolled student range setting at any time, including after the enrollment finalized date. After the enrollment finalized date, you cannot change the setting to "Permit temporarily registration until the confirmation date".
   * When the enrolled student range setting is set to "Always enrolled students only", Self registration is automatically set to "Not Permit".
4. Select "Go to confirmation page." 
![コース設定](cs7.png)
5. Select "Register."
![コース設定](cs8.png)


<!-- 
コース設定 -> コース設定で編集する
「履修者範囲設定」，「自己登録」，「履修確定以降」，「メッセージ利用」についてお勧め設定と，変更するとどうなるかの説明をする
-->


## References

* <a href="https://www.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/itc-lms/faq.html">FAQ (ITC-LMS)</a>
  * <a href="https://www.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/announcement/2017/05/17_2521.html">What is "Enrollee Range Setting?" (for instructors)</a>
  * <a href="https://www.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/announcement/2019/06/26_3014.html">Settings for Self-registration on ITC-LMS (for instructors)</a>
  * <a href="https://www.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/announcement/2016/08/08_2282.html">How to add staff or students to a course on ITC-LMS (for instructors) </a>
  * <a href="https://www.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/announcement/2016/08/10_2288.html">What is "Temporary Enrollment Registration" on ITC-LMS? </a>
  * <a href="https://www.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/announcement/2019/06/26_3010.html">Automatic enrollment of students on ITC-LMS and the Academic Affairs System</a>
  * <a href="https://www.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/announcement/2021/06/15_3342.html">I wish to grant access to course contents to auditing students who have not registered for the course through UTAS (for instructors)</a>
