src/pages/en/itc_lms/index.md, before:

---
title: ITC-LMS
breadcrumb:
   title: ITC-LMS
redirect_from:
   - /en/lms_lecturers/login
   - /en/lms_students
---

## What is ITC-LMS

[ITC-LMS](https://itc-lms.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/) is a learning management system of the University of Tokyo. Features of ITC-LMS include distribution of lecture materials, submission of assignments, online examinations, and notification from faculty members to students.

For using ITC-LMS, [UTokyo Account](/utokyo_account/) is required. If you have not yet started using UTokyo Account, please read "[Getting Ready for ICT Systems at UTokyo](/en/oc/) (for New Students)" or "[Getting Ready for ICT Systems at the UTokyo](/en/faculty_members/) (for Faculty Members)" first.

## (For instructors) Advantages of using ITC-LMS

- ITC-LMS has functions for communicating and sharing information with students, which becomes increasingly important when conducting online classes where students do not meet face-to-face in the classroom.
- ITC-LMS is linked with the University of Tokyo account (UTokyo Account) and the academic affairs system (UTAS) for course registration. It makes it easy to pass information **"only to students at the University of Tokyo" or "only to those enrolled in that course"**. It is much safer than disseminating information on a public page.
- It is thought that most current students who took classes in their first or second year at the University of Tokyo have used the service, so the penetration rate among students is high.

## How to Use

### Sign-in Method

1. Go to [ITC-LMS](https://itc-lms.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/login) and click "Login".
  ![LMSログイン画面](./login.png)

2. Unless you have already signed in, the UTokyo Account sign-in page will be displayed. Please sign in.
  ![UTokyo Accountログイン画面](./UTAC.png)

### Setting notification

You can accept the notification from ITC-LMS by email or LINE application.
To set up the notification, follow the setup procedures in the "[Set the notifications](notification/)" page.

### Courses

Distributing teaching materials and submitting assignments on ITC-LMS take place in courses created for each year and class. Please refer to the following page for instructions on how to use it.

<!-- * [For students](students/) -->
* [For lecturers](lecturers/)

## Reference

- After you log in ITC-LMS, you can download the teacher's manual.
- [ITC-LMS website](https://www.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/itc-lms.html)
- [FAQ: ITC-LMS](https://www.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/itc-lms/faq.html)

Commit message:

change (For instructors) Advantages of using ITC-LMS

src/pages/en/itc_lms/index.md, after:

---
title: ITC-LMS
breadcrumb:
   title: ITC-LMS
redirect_from:
   - /en/lms_lecturers/login
   - /en/lms_students
---

## What is ITC-LMS

[ITC-LMS](https://itc-lms.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/) is a learning management system of the University of Tokyo. Features of ITC-LMS include distribution of lecture materials, submission of assignments, online examinations, and notification from faculty members to students.

For using ITC-LMS, [UTokyo Account](/utokyo_account/) is required. If you have not yet started using UTokyo Account, please read "[Getting Ready for ICT Systems at UTokyo](/en/oc/) (for New Students)" or "[Getting Ready for ICT Systems at the UTokyo](/en/faculty_members/) (for Faculty Members)" first.

## (For instructors) Advantages of using ITC-LMS

Services of ITC-LMS are similar to other ICT class support tools. Noteworthy is that the system is linked to UTokyo Account and the Academic Affair System (UTAS) for course registration. **This makes it very easy to pass information only to "students of UTokyo" or only to "students enrolled in the course"**. It is presumed that almost every first or second year undergraduates have used this system. In other words, **the penetration rate of ITC-LMS is high among students**. When distributing lecture materials and collecting/returning assignments, using ITC-LMS is highly recommended.

## How to Use

### Sign-in Method

1. Go to [ITC-LMS](https://itc-lms.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/login) and click "Login".
  ![LMSログイン画面](./login.png)

2. Unless you have already signed in, the UTokyo Account sign-in page will be displayed. Please sign in.
  ![UTokyo Accountログイン画面](./UTAC.png)

### Setting notification

You can accept the notification from ITC-LMS by email or LINE application.
To set up the notification, follow the setup procedures in the "[Set the notifications](notification/)" page.

### Courses

Distributing teaching materials and submitting assignments on ITC-LMS take place in courses created for each year and class. Please refer to the following page for instructions on how to use it.

<!-- * [For students](students/) -->
* [For lecturers](lecturers/)

## Reference

- After you log in ITC-LMS, you can download the teacher's manual.
- [ITC-LMS website](https://www.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/itc-lms.html)
- [FAQ: ITC-LMS](https://www.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/itc-lms/faq.html)
