en/oc/index.md, before:

---
title: Preparing for ICT Systems at the University of Tokyo (for New Students)
slug: oc # 手順を外部ファイルからincludeするときに使う
lang: en
---

<!--

## Introduction

Congratulations to all the new students!

In AY2022, we plan to provide education incorporating face-to-face classes as much as possible, while taking sufficient infection prevention measures. On the other hand, the online classes realized as a countermeasure against coronavirus infections have shown educational effects that cannot be obtained in conventional face-to-face lectures. Therefore, the University of Tokyo plans to construct a new educational system and improve its educational activities by actively incorporating online classes into its teaching methods.

This year, we will introduce BYOD (Bring Your Own Device), which allows students to bring their own laptops and other devices to the university for study. Recommended specifications will be provided in advance, so please prepare your own laptop computer and other devices for class. The University of Tokyo is continuing to improve the ICT environment on campus, including the installation of a Wi-Fi environment and more power supplies amid the Corona disaster. In addition, we are developing hybrid classes and teaching methods using virtual reality (virtual reality space). With these new initiatives, we intend to further enhance our traditional face-to-face classes and proactively incorporate next-generation educational systems that take advantage of digital transformation (DX). These initiatives are a challenge for the University of Tokyo, and we hope that not only faculty members but also participating students will actively participate in them with the spirit of ushering in a new era.

For an overview of these efforts, the University of Tokyo has set up an online class portal site called utelecon (https://utelecon.adm.u-tokyo.ac.jp/), which you are encouraged to visit frequently. The site also includes a chat window for questions, as well as a function to collect opinions, requests, and ideas from faculty, staff, and students. You will also find a variety of information, including past experiences, ideas, and FAQs. This page will help you get started smoothly with your university activities.

Our faculty and staff are committed to accommodating your wishes so that you can comfortably attend face-to-face classes and campus activities, while placing the highest priority on protecting your health and ensuring that you have the opportunity to study. We will do our best to ensure that you can effectively pursue the studies you desire and lead a fulfilling student life.

<div style="text-align: right;">
Executive Director and Vice President (Education and Information Systems)<br>
OHTA Kunihiro
</div>

-->

## Class Format at the University of Tokyo
At the University of Tokyo, classes are offered in a wide range of formats, including face-to-face and online. Face-to-face classes are conventional classes held in classrooms, and online classes are classes in which students can participate without being in the classroom using web conferencing systems for example. Please check with the faculty, the graduate school or the instructor in charge of the class to find out in which format the class will be held.

### Online Classes
There are various types of online classes, but the main type of online class at the University of Tokyo is the "**simultaneous interactive**" type. This is a form of real-time interactive communication between the teacher and students using applications such as Zoom and Webex, a type of web conferencing system that allows audio and video exchange. The necessary preparations for using the system are explained in this page.

Other forms include the "**on-demand**" type, in which students watch video recordings of classes and ask questions and discuss them via email or chat tools, and the "**hybrid**" type , in which online classes are combined with face-to-face classes in the classroom. 

## What You Need to Prepare for Classes

### Use of Various Information Systems

You will be using a variety of information systems during your classes at UTokyo. You should set up an account and practice all procedures for using these systems in advance. Below is a list of these systems. The detailed procedures are explained in the subsequent sections:

{% comment %}以下の説明の文章は後でも使うため，一度変数として定義してからそれを呼び出す形で記述している．{% endcomment %}

{% capture about_utokyo_account %}This is the account you will use to log into UTokyo’s ICT systems. The username may also be referred to as “Common ID”.{% endcapture %}
{% capture about_utas %}This system is used to browse the syllabus for each class, register courses, and check the grades (academic affairs system).{% endcapture %}
{% capture about_itc_lms %}This system is used to download class material and submit assignments (learning management system).{% endcapture %}
{% capture about_google %}This is a UTokyo Google account that allows users to use Google services, such as Gmail, as a UTokyo member. The ECCS Cloud Email can also be used as a UTokyo email address. Since some UTokyo web pages can only be accessed by UTokyo members, you are required to activate your ECCS Cloud Email even if you already own a Google account.{% endcapture %}
{% capture about_microsoft %}This is a Microsoft license offered to UTokyo Account holders. This license will enable you to download Microsoft Office apps, such as Word and Excel, and use online Microsoft tools for free with the UTokyo Account. Similar to Google Workspace, some UTokyo webpages can only be accessed with a UTokyo Account. Therefore, it is necessary to use your UTokyo Account even if you already own a Microsoft account.{% endcapture %}
{% capture about_utokyo_wifi %}Wi-Fi services are available on campus. You will require them while taking online classes on campus. Please note that you will not be able to use Wi-Fi services unless you have created an account in advance.{% endcapture %}
{% capture about_eccs %}ECCS terminals refer to the computers installed on campus. You can use them while taking online classes on campus. You also use them in some face-to-face classes. Please note that you will not be able to use them unless you have passed the “New User Information Seminar” course in advance.{% endcapture %}

- **UTokyo Account**: {{ about_utokyo_account }}
- **UTAS**: {{ about_utas }}
- **ITC-LMS**: {{ about_itc_lms }}
- **Zoom**, **Webex**: These are the web conferencing systems that are used for "simultaneous interactive" online classes. Zoom is mostly used at UTokyo, but Webex may also be used depending on the class.
- **ECCS Cloud Email (Google Workspace)**: {{ about_google }}
- **UTokyo Microsoft License (Microsoft 365)**: {{ about_microsoft }}
- **UTokyo Wi-Fi**: {{ about_utokyo_wifi }}
- **ECCS terminals**: {{ about_eccs }}

### Network Environment and Electronic Devices

To take classes, you will need an Internet connection and equipment such as a computer. The following is an explanation of how you will need to prepare.

- **Network connection**: There should be no problem with slower connections as long as you can watch videos stably. However, pay attention to the communication capacity when taking long online classes. More specifically, if you are using a smartphone directly connected to a mobile network (e.g., LTE), please ensure that you do not run out of data.
    - The university provides Wi-Fi on campus.
<!--    - The University of Tokyo provides support for new students who do not have adequate network connections. For more details, please check “[The network environment support for education and research](/mobile/)”. -->
- **PC**: You will often need a computer for writing reports, and also when you do some work or exercises while watching videos.
    - A portable laptop is recommended so that you can use it on campus.
    - For specifications, please refer to “[東京大学のBYOD方針](/docs/byod) (The University of Tokyo's BYOD Policy)” (in Japanese).
    <!-- - (For first-year undergraduate students) The College of Arts and Sciences provides guidelines for required PC specifications in “オンライン授業に必要な機器や通学前の準備について(Devices necessary for online classes and preparation for attending college)” (in Japanese). -->
    - You may also refer to the Co-op’s special topic page about computers for new students, “[受験生・新入生応援サイト2022 駒場モデルパソコン](https://text.univ.coop/puk/START/utcoop/pc.html) (Komaba Model PC for Examinees and New Students Support Site)” (in Japanese).
    - If you do not have a computer that meets the above mentioned requirements, please consult with your faculty or graduate school. (For example, the College of Arts and Sciences can [lend out computers](https://www.c.u-tokyo.ac.jp/campuslife/online-lectures.html) (in Japanese).)
- **Headset and earphones**: When taking online classes in an empty classroom on campus, you will need a headset or earphones to listen to the class without disturbing other students in the same classroom. A headset equipped with a microphone is recommended when purchasing one.

## When You Need help

If you have any problems, difficulties, or concerns regarding online classes, please consult the **[Technical Support Desk](/en/support/)**. Common Supporters (student staff) and faculty members will assist you in solving any problem you may have.

For example, the following questions and consultations are welcome.

- “I followed the preparation procedures described on this guide, but they did not work.”
- “I have a last-minute problem when trying to participate in an online class.”
- “I am unable to download class materials.”

{% comment %}
以下の手順説明は他のページと共通しているため，変更があった場合に対応しやすいよう，別ファイルに記述し `include` で呼び出している．実体は `_includes/procedures/` ディレクトリにある．
{% endcomment %}

## Required Procedures to Use the Information Systems
{:#important}

In this section, we will explain the essential tasks that must be completed to use the information systems, such as creating an account. Please ensure to spare enough time to complete these tasks before classes start. If you have any problems with these procedures, please consult the **[Technical Support Desk](/en/support/)**.

Please check the “[大学生活に必要な情報システムの準備について（新入生向け） 手順動画集](/oc/movies) (Preparing for ICT Systems at the University of Tokyo (for new students) Procedure Videos)” page (in Japanese) for videos explaining the below procedures in further detail.

<ul class="procedure">
{% include procedures/en/utokyo_account.html part="important" %}
{% include procedures/en/google.html part="important" %}
{% include procedures/en/utas.html part="important" %}
    <li>
        <strong>UTokyo Wi-Fi: Apply for an account</strong>
{% include en/systems/utokyo_wifi/apply.html part="important" %}
    </li>
</ul>

## Other Procedures to Use the Information Systems

Next, the procedures for performing more detailed checks and tasks on various information systems, such as logging in to each system and accessing UTokyo member-only pages, will be explained. Please ensure to complete the subsequent procedures before the beginning of the classes so that you are fully prepared. If you have any problems during the procedure, please consult the **[Technical Support Desk](/en/support/)**.

Please check the “[大学生活に必要な情報システムの準備について（新入生向け） 手順動画集](/oc/movies) (Preparing for ICT Systems at the University of Tokyo (for new students) Procedure Videos)” page (in Japanese) for videos explaining the procedures below in further detail.

### UTokyo Account
{:#utokyo_account}

{{ about_utokyo_account }}

{% include procedures/en/utokyo_account.html %}

### UTAS
{:#utas}

{{ about_utas }}

{% include procedures/en/utas.html %}

### ITC-LMS
{:#itc_lms}

{{ about_itc_lms }}

{% include procedures/en/itc_lms.html %}

### Zoom
{:#zoom}

A web conference system used in most “simultaneous interactive” classes.

{% include procedures/en/zoom.html %}

### Webex
{:#webex}

This is a web conferencing system used for some “simultaneous interactive” classes. The system is rarely used, so you can work on it when you need it. Please refer to [Webex page](/en/webex/) for details.

### ECCS Cloud Email (Google Workspace)
{:#google}

{{ about_google }}

{% include procedures/en/google.html %}

### UTokyo Microsoft License (Microsoft 365)
{:#microsoft}

{{ about_microsoft }}

{% include procedures/en/microsoft.html %}

### UTokyo Wi-Fi
{:#utokyo_wifi}

{{ about_utokyo_wifi }}

<ul>
    <li>
        <details>
            <summary>(Repost) <strong>Task: Apply for an account</strong></summary>
{% include en/systems/utokyo_wifi/apply.html %}
        </details>
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Task: Try connecting</strong>
{% include en/systems/utokyo_wifi/connect.html %}
    </li>
</ul>

### ECCS terminals
{:#eccs}

{{ about_eccs }}

{% include procedures/en/eccs.html %}

## Others

### On taking classes
- Some information about classes, such as class schedules and registration procedures, will be provided by your faculty/graduate school. Please be aware of how this information is provided and always check it (if you are unsure, please contact your faculty/graduate school).
  - (For first-year undergraduate students) Please check the "Notices for New Students" page of the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences/College of Arts and Sciences, which is linked in the "Admission Procedures" page (from April, please check the "Notices from the Educational Affairs Section" on the website of the first semester program).
- To participate in a "simultaneous interactive" online class, you need to know the URL of the web conference.This information is normally posted in the “Online course information” section of the ITC-LMS introduced above. However, depending on the class, the lecturer may inform you of the URL through other means. Please refer to the “How to Obtain the Online Class URL (for Students)” regarding other ways of obtaining the URL.

### Other Information Systems
- **[Antivirus software](/antivirus/)** (in Japanese): Starting April 1, 2022, the Comprehensive Antivirus Software License (UTokyo Antivirus License) is available for faculty members and students. The University of Tokyo requires "appropriate antivirus measures" for computers in the "[Guidelines for Information Ethics and Computer Use](https://www.u-tokyo.ac.jp/adm/cie/ja/index.html)". Please use it if necessary as part of the countermeasures.
- **[EZproxy](https://www.lib.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/library/literacy/user-guide/campus/offcampus/ezproxy)**: The University of Tokyo subscribes to an e-journal for internal use only. This is a system for off-campus access. Please use it as needed.

## More information

Thank you for taking the time to read this guide. If you face a difficulty with any of the steps, please consult the **[Technical Support Desk](/en/support/)**.

This concludes the preparation procedures for taking online classes at UTokyo. The site, "**Online Class / Web Conference Portal Site @ The University of Tokyo**”, nicknamed “**utelecon**”, contains considerable information on how to use the information systems mentioned on this page. If you have any questions regarding the information systems in your classes, or if you are a member of a club or study group and have opportunities to use web conferencing systems and other information systems on your own, please visit this site to find out more.

Commit message:

add 2023s version of greetings (en)
original: e9e2e26a36c61bcd503bf115e0e63c2f997b2316

en/oc/index.md, after:

---
title: Preparing for ICT Systems at the University of Tokyo (for New Students)
slug: oc # 手順を外部ファイルからincludeするときに使う
lang: en
---

## Greetings
To all new students, congratulations on your enrollment in the University of Tokyo.

The University of Tokyo will mainly conduct face-to-face classes in the academic year 2023, after taking necessary measures to prevent infection. On the other hand, we will also offer online classes and hybrid classes that combine face-to-face and online classes when it is possible to enhance the educational effect. In addition, the use of digital technology is progressing even in face-to-face classes, and there are many situations in which information systems are used, such as distribution of teaching materials and submission of assignments. We would like to ask you to prepare the necessary information systems so that you can participate in the class smoothly. Please prepare a laptop computer that you can take with you and set up your account and various tools. The university is also continuing to improve the environment by updating and enhancing Wi-Fi throughout the university over the two years (FY2022 and FY2023), making it available in most parts of campus so that you can enjoy your activities on campus.

The University of Tokyo is also making progress with digital transformation (DX) initiatives. Digital technologies such as chat tools and web conferencing have greatly changed the form of communication, making it easier for people to interact and collaborate with each other at a different location. However, there are still unknowns about how to incorporate new technologies into university activities. We would like to take on the challenge of creating the next generation of education together with students, and we hope that you will actively participate.

This portal site, "utelecon,"  brings together information on the University of Tokyo system. First, please check the necessary preparations for taking classes. We also introduce advanced methods of using various tools, so we hope that you will make use of this site not only for classes, but also for your own activities such as study groups and circle activities. If you have any problems or difficulties, please feel free to ask questions at the support desk.

Our faculty and staff are committed to meeting your wishes so that you can enjoy face-to-face classes and other activities on campus without any worries, while placing the highest priority on protecting your health and ensuring your study opportunities. We will do our best to ensure that your studies are effective and your student life is fulfilling.

<div style="text-align: right;">
Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer (CIO)<br>
OHTA Kunihiro
</div>

## Class Format at the University of Tokyo
At the University of Tokyo, classes are offered in a wide range of formats, including face-to-face and online. Face-to-face classes are conventional classes held in classrooms, and online classes are classes in which students can participate without being in the classroom using web conferencing systems for example. Please check with the faculty, the graduate school or the instructor in charge of the class to find out in which format the class will be held.

### Online Classes
There are various types of online classes, but the main type of online class at the University of Tokyo is the "**simultaneous interactive**" type. This is a form of real-time interactive communication between the teacher and students using applications such as Zoom and Webex, a type of web conferencing system that allows audio and video exchange. The necessary preparations for using the system are explained in this page.

Other forms include the "**on-demand**" type, in which students watch video recordings of classes and ask questions and discuss them via email or chat tools, and the "**hybrid**" type , in which online classes are combined with face-to-face classes in the classroom. 

## What You Need to Prepare for Classes

### Use of Various Information Systems

You will be using a variety of information systems during your classes at UTokyo. You should set up an account and practice all procedures for using these systems in advance. Below is a list of these systems. The detailed procedures are explained in the subsequent sections:

{% comment %}以下の説明の文章は後でも使うため，一度変数として定義してからそれを呼び出す形で記述している．{% endcomment %}

{% capture about_utokyo_account %}This is the account you will use to log into UTokyo’s ICT systems. The username may also be referred to as “Common ID”.{% endcapture %}
{% capture about_utas %}This system is used to browse the syllabus for each class, register courses, and check the grades (academic affairs system).{% endcapture %}
{% capture about_itc_lms %}This system is used to download class material and submit assignments (learning management system).{% endcapture %}
{% capture about_google %}This is a UTokyo Google account that allows users to use Google services, such as Gmail, as a UTokyo member. The ECCS Cloud Email can also be used as a UTokyo email address. Since some UTokyo web pages can only be accessed by UTokyo members, you are required to activate your ECCS Cloud Email even if you already own a Google account.{% endcapture %}
{% capture about_microsoft %}This is a Microsoft license offered to UTokyo Account holders. This license will enable you to download Microsoft Office apps, such as Word and Excel, and use online Microsoft tools for free with the UTokyo Account. Similar to Google Workspace, some UTokyo webpages can only be accessed with a UTokyo Account. Therefore, it is necessary to use your UTokyo Account even if you already own a Microsoft account.{% endcapture %}
{% capture about_utokyo_wifi %}Wi-Fi services are available on campus. You will require them while taking online classes on campus. Please note that you will not be able to use Wi-Fi services unless you have created an account in advance.{% endcapture %}
{% capture about_eccs %}ECCS terminals refer to the computers installed on campus. You can use them while taking online classes on campus. You also use them in some face-to-face classes. Please note that you will not be able to use them unless you have passed the “New User Information Seminar” course in advance.{% endcapture %}

- **UTokyo Account**: {{ about_utokyo_account }}
- **UTAS**: {{ about_utas }}
- **ITC-LMS**: {{ about_itc_lms }}
- **Zoom**, **Webex**: These are the web conferencing systems that are used for "simultaneous interactive" online classes. Zoom is mostly used at UTokyo, but Webex may also be used depending on the class.
- **ECCS Cloud Email (Google Workspace)**: {{ about_google }}
- **UTokyo Microsoft License (Microsoft 365)**: {{ about_microsoft }}
- **UTokyo Wi-Fi**: {{ about_utokyo_wifi }}
- **ECCS terminals**: {{ about_eccs }}

### Network Environment and Electronic Devices

To take classes, you will need an Internet connection and equipment such as a computer. The following is an explanation of how you will need to prepare.

- **Network connection**: There should be no problem with slower connections as long as you can watch videos stably. However, pay attention to the communication capacity when taking long online classes. More specifically, if you are using a smartphone directly connected to a mobile network (e.g., LTE), please ensure that you do not run out of data.
    - The university provides Wi-Fi on campus.
<!--    - The University of Tokyo provides support for new students who do not have adequate network connections. For more details, please check “[The network environment support for education and research](/mobile/)”. -->
- **PC**: You will often need a computer for writing reports, and also when you do some work or exercises while watching videos.
    - A portable laptop is recommended so that you can use it on campus.
    - For specifications, please refer to “[東京大学のBYOD方針](/docs/byod) (The University of Tokyo's BYOD Policy)” (in Japanese).
    <!-- - (For first-year undergraduate students) The College of Arts and Sciences provides guidelines for required PC specifications in “オンライン授業に必要な機器や通学前の準備について(Devices necessary for online classes and preparation for attending college)” (in Japanese). -->
    - You may also refer to the Co-op’s special topic page about computers for new students, “[受験生・新入生応援サイト2022 駒場モデルパソコン](https://text.univ.coop/puk/START/utcoop/pc.html) (Komaba Model PC for Examinees and New Students Support Site)” (in Japanese).
    - If you do not have a computer that meets the above mentioned requirements, please consult with your faculty or graduate school. (For example, the College of Arts and Sciences can [lend out computers](https://www.c.u-tokyo.ac.jp/campuslife/online-lectures.html) (in Japanese).)
- **Headset and earphones**: When taking online classes in an empty classroom on campus, you will need a headset or earphones to listen to the class without disturbing other students in the same classroom. A headset equipped with a microphone is recommended when purchasing one.

## When You Need help

If you have any problems, difficulties, or concerns regarding online classes, please consult the **[Technical Support Desk](/en/support/)**. Common Supporters (student staff) and faculty members will assist you in solving any problem you may have.

For example, the following questions and consultations are welcome.

- “I followed the preparation procedures described on this guide, but they did not work.”
- “I have a last-minute problem when trying to participate in an online class.”
- “I am unable to download class materials.”

{% comment %}
以下の手順説明は他のページと共通しているため，変更があった場合に対応しやすいよう，別ファイルに記述し `include` で呼び出している．実体は `_includes/procedures/` ディレクトリにある．
{% endcomment %}

## Required Procedures to Use the Information Systems
{:#important}

In this section, we will explain the essential tasks that must be completed to use the information systems, such as creating an account. Please ensure to spare enough time to complete these tasks before classes start. If you have any problems with these procedures, please consult the **[Technical Support Desk](/en/support/)**.

Please check the “[大学生活に必要な情報システムの準備について（新入生向け） 手順動画集](/oc/movies) (Preparing for ICT Systems at the University of Tokyo (for new students) Procedure Videos)” page (in Japanese) for videos explaining the below procedures in further detail.

<ul class="procedure">
{% include procedures/en/utokyo_account.html part="important" %}
{% include procedures/en/google.html part="important" %}
{% include procedures/en/utas.html part="important" %}
    <li>
        <strong>UTokyo Wi-Fi: Apply for an account</strong>
{% include en/systems/utokyo_wifi/apply.html part="important" %}
    </li>
</ul>

## Other Procedures to Use the Information Systems

Next, the procedures for performing more detailed checks and tasks on various information systems, such as logging in to each system and accessing UTokyo member-only pages, will be explained. Please ensure to complete the subsequent procedures before the beginning of the classes so that you are fully prepared. If you have any problems during the procedure, please consult the **[Technical Support Desk](/en/support/)**.

Please check the “[大学生活に必要な情報システムの準備について（新入生向け） 手順動画集](/oc/movies) (Preparing for ICT Systems at the University of Tokyo (for new students) Procedure Videos)” page (in Japanese) for videos explaining the procedures below in further detail.

### UTokyo Account
{:#utokyo_account}

{{ about_utokyo_account }}

{% include procedures/en/utokyo_account.html %}

### UTAS
{:#utas}

{{ about_utas }}

{% include procedures/en/utas.html %}

### ITC-LMS
{:#itc_lms}

{{ about_itc_lms }}

{% include procedures/en/itc_lms.html %}

### Zoom
{:#zoom}

A web conference system used in most “simultaneous interactive” classes.

{% include procedures/en/zoom.html %}

### Webex
{:#webex}

This is a web conferencing system used for some “simultaneous interactive” classes. The system is rarely used, so you can work on it when you need it. Please refer to [Webex page](/en/webex/) for details.

### ECCS Cloud Email (Google Workspace)
{:#google}

{{ about_google }}

{% include procedures/en/google.html %}

### UTokyo Microsoft License (Microsoft 365)
{:#microsoft}

{{ about_microsoft }}

{% include procedures/en/microsoft.html %}

### UTokyo Wi-Fi
{:#utokyo_wifi}

{{ about_utokyo_wifi }}

<ul>
    <li>
        <details>
            <summary>(Repost) <strong>Task: Apply for an account</strong></summary>
{% include en/systems/utokyo_wifi/apply.html %}
        </details>
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Task: Try connecting</strong>
{% include en/systems/utokyo_wifi/connect.html %}
    </li>
</ul>

### ECCS terminals
{:#eccs}

{{ about_eccs }}

{% include procedures/en/eccs.html %}

## Others

### On taking classes
- Some information about classes, such as class schedules and registration procedures, will be provided by your faculty/graduate school. Please be aware of how this information is provided and always check it (if you are unsure, please contact your faculty/graduate school).
  - (For first-year undergraduate students) Please check the "Notices for New Students" page of the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences/College of Arts and Sciences, which is linked in the "Admission Procedures" page (from April, please check the "Notices from the Educational Affairs Section" on the website of the first semester program).
- To participate in a "simultaneous interactive" online class, you need to know the URL of the web conference.This information is normally posted in the “Online course information” section of the ITC-LMS introduced above. However, depending on the class, the lecturer may inform you of the URL through other means. Please refer to the “How to Obtain the Online Class URL (for Students)” regarding other ways of obtaining the URL.

### Other Information Systems
- **[Antivirus software](/antivirus/)** (in Japanese): Starting April 1, 2022, the Comprehensive Antivirus Software License (UTokyo Antivirus License) is available for faculty members and students. The University of Tokyo requires "appropriate antivirus measures" for computers in the "[Guidelines for Information Ethics and Computer Use](https://www.u-tokyo.ac.jp/adm/cie/ja/index.html)". Please use it if necessary as part of the countermeasures.
- **[EZproxy](https://www.lib.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/library/literacy/user-guide/campus/offcampus/ezproxy)**: The University of Tokyo subscribes to an e-journal for internal use only. This is a system for off-campus access. Please use it as needed.

## More information

Thank you for taking the time to read this guide. If you face a difficulty with any of the steps, please consult the **[Technical Support Desk](/en/support/)**.

This concludes the preparation procedures for taking online classes at UTokyo. The site, "**Online Class / Web Conference Portal Site @ The University of Tokyo**”, nicknamed “**utelecon**”, contains considerable information on how to use the information systems mentioned on this page. If you have any questions regarding the information systems in your classes, or if you are a member of a club or study group and have opportunities to use web conferencing systems and other information systems on your own, please visit this site to find out more.
